[Music]
[Music] and Elijah the Prophet called one of the
and Elijah the Prophet called one of the
and Elijah the Prophet called one of the sons of the prophets get yourself ready
sons of the prophets get yourself ready
sons of the prophets get yourself ready take this flask of oil in your hand and
take this flask of oil in your hand and
take this flask of oil in your hand and go to ramoth-gilead now when you arrived
go to ramoth-gilead now when you arrived
go to ramoth-gilead now when you arrived at that place look there for G Hugh the
at that place look there for G Hugh the
at that place look there for G Hugh the son of Jehoshaphat the son of nimshi and
son of Jehoshaphat the son of nimshi and
son of Jehoshaphat the son of nimshi and go in and make him rise up from among
go in and make him rise up from among
go in and make him rise up from among his associates and take him to an inner
his associates and take him to an inner
his associates and take him to an inner room then take the flask of oil and pour
room then take the flask of oil and pour
room then take the flask of oil and pour it on his head and say thus says the
it on his head and say thus says the
it on his head and say thus says the Lord I have anointed you king over
Lord I have anointed you king over
Lord I have anointed you king over Israel then opened the door and flee and
Israel then opened the door and flee and
Israel then opened the door and flee and do not delay so the young man the
do not delay so the young man the
do not delay so the young man the servant of the prophet went to
servant of the prophet went to
servant of the prophet went to ramoth-gilead
ramoth-gilead
ramoth-gilead and when he arrived there were the
and when he arrived there were the
and when he arrived there were the captains of the armies sitting and he
captains of the armies sitting and he
captains of the armies sitting and he said I have a message for you commander
said I have a message for you commander
said I have a message for you commander G Hugh said for which one of us for you
G Hugh said for which one of us for you
G Hugh said for which one of us for you commander
commander
commander then he arose and went into the house
then he arose and went into the house
then he arose and went into the house and he poured the oil on his head and
and he poured the oil on his head and
and he poured the oil on his head and said to him thus says the Lord God of
said to him thus says the Lord God of
said to him thus says the Lord God of Israel
Israel
Israel I have anointed you king over the people
I have anointed you king over the people
I have anointed you king over the people of the Lord over Israel you shall strike
of the Lord over Israel you shall strike
of the Lord over Israel you shall strike down the house of Ahab your master that
down the house of Ahab your master that
down the house of Ahab your master that I may avenge the blood of my servants
I may avenge the blood of my servants
I may avenge the blood of my servants the prophets and the blood of all the
the prophets and the blood of all the
the prophets and the blood of all the servants of the Lord at the hand of
servants of the Lord at the hand of
servants of the Lord at the hand of Jezebel for the whole house of Ahab
Jezebel for the whole house of Ahab
Jezebel for the whole house of Ahab Shall Perish and I will cut off from
Shall Perish and I will cut off from
Shall Perish and I will cut off from Ahab all the males in Israel both bond
Ahab all the males in Israel both bond
Ahab all the males in Israel both bond and free so I will make the house of
and free so I will make the house of
and free so I will make the house of Ahab like the house of Jeroboam the son
Ahab like the house of Jeroboam the son
Ahab like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat and like the house of baisha
of Nebat and like the house of baisha
of Nebat and like the house of baisha the son of a Hydra the dogs shall eat
the son of a Hydra the dogs shall eat
the son of a Hydra the dogs shall eat Jezebel on the plot of ground at Jezreel
Jezebel on the plot of ground at Jezreel
Jezebel on the plot of ground at Jezreel and there shall be none to bury
and there shall be none to bury
and there shall be none to bury and he opened the door and fled then G
and he opened the door and fled then G
and he opened the door and fled then G hue came out to the servants of his
hue came out to the servants of his
hue came out to the servants of his master and one said to him is all well
master and one said to him is all well
master and one said to him is all well why did this madman come to you you know
why did this madman come to you you know
why did this madman come to you you know the man in his babble a lie
the man in his babble a lie
the man in his babble a lie tell us now thus and thus he spoke to me
tell us now thus and thus he spoke to me
tell us now thus and thus he spoke to me saying thus says the Lord I have
saying thus says the Lord I have
saying thus says the Lord I have anointed you king over Israel then each
anointed you king over Israel then each
anointed you king over Israel then each man hastened to take his garment and put
man hastened to take his garment and put
man hastened to take his garment and put it under him on the top of the steps and
it under him on the top of the steps and
it under him on the top of the steps and they bloom trumpets so G hew the son of
they bloom trumpets so G hew the son of
they bloom trumpets so G hew the son of Jehoshaphat the son of nimshi
Jehoshaphat the son of nimshi
Jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against Joel now Jordan had
conspired against Joel now Jordan had
conspired against Joel now Jordan had been defending ramoth-gilead
been defending ramoth-gilead
been defending ramoth-gilead he and all Israel against has a king of
he and all Israel against has a king of
he and all Israel against has a king of City but King Jordan had returned to
City but King Jordan had returned to
City but King Jordan had returned to Jezreel to recover from the wounds which
Jezreel to recover from the wounds which
Jezreel to recover from the wounds which the Syrians had inflicted on him when he
the Syrians had inflicted on him when he
the Syrians had inflicted on him when he fought with has Al king of Syria and G
fought with has Al king of Syria and G
fought with has Al king of Syria and G who said if you are so minded let no one
who said if you are so minded let no one
who said if you are so minded let no one leave or escape from the city to go and
leave or escape from the city to go and
leave or escape from the city to go and tell it in Jezreel so G hew rode in a
tell it in Jezreel so G hew rode in a
tell it in Jezreel so G hew rode in a chariot and went to Jezreel for joram
chariot and went to Jezreel for joram
chariot and went to Jezreel for joram was laid up there and a Hazara king of
was laid up there and a Hazara king of
was laid up there and a Hazara king of Judah had come down to see Jorah now a
Judah had come down to see Jorah now a
Judah had come down to see Jorah now a watchman stood on the tower in Jezreel
watchman stood on the tower in Jezreel
watchman stood on the tower in Jezreel and he saw the company of G hew as he
and he saw the company of G hew as he
and he saw the company of G hew as he came and said I see a company of men and
came and said I see a company of men and
came and said I see a company of men and joram said get a horseman and send him
joram said get a horseman and send him
joram said get a horseman and send him to meet them and let him say is it peace
so perforce Minh went to meet him and
so perforce Minh went to meet him and said thus says the king is it peace and
said thus says the king is it peace and
said thus says the king is it peace and gee who said what have you to do with
gee who said what have you to do with
gee who said what have you to do with peace turn around and follow me
peace turn around and follow me
peace turn around and follow me [Applause]
so the watchman reported the messenger
so the watchman reported the messenger went to them but is not coming back then
went to them but is not coming back then
went to them but is not coming back then he sent out a second Horseman who came
he sent out a second Horseman who came
he sent out a second Horseman who came to them thus says the king is at peace
to them thus says the king is at peace
to them thus says the king is at peace and Ji Hyun said what have you to do
and Ji Hyun said what have you to do
and Ji Hyun said what have you to do with peace turn around and follow me
with peace turn around and follow me
with peace turn around and follow me [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so the watchman reported he went up to
so the watchman reported he went up to
so the watchman reported he went up to them and is not coming back
them and is not coming back
them and is not coming back and the driving is like the driving of
and the driving is like the driving of
and the driving is like the driving of ji hue the son of nimshi for he drives
ji hue the son of nimshi for he drives
ji hue the son of nimshi for he drives furiously then Joe Tom said make ready
and his child was made ready and Rodan
and his child was made ready and Rodan king of Israel
king of Israel
king of Israel anna hazare king of judah went out each
anna hazare king of judah went out each
anna hazare king of judah went out each in his chariot and they went out to meet
in his chariot and they went out to meet
in his chariot and they went out to meet ji hoo and met him on the property of
ji hoo and met him on the property of
ji hoo and met him on the property of neighbours the jezreelite how it
neighbours the jezreelite how it
neighbours the jezreelite how it happened when joe room saw ji hue but he
happened when joe room saw ji hue but he
happened when joe room saw ji hue but he said is it peace gu what peace as long
said is it peace gu what peace as long
said is it peace gu what peace as long as the harlotries of your mother Jezebel
as the harlotries of your mother Jezebel
as the harlotries of your mother Jezebel and her witchcraft are so many then Joe
and her witchcraft are so many then Joe
and her witchcraft are so many then Joe Tom turned around and fled and set to a
Tom turned around and fled and set to a
Tom turned around and fled and set to a huzzah treachery a desire now ji Hugh
huzzah treachery a desire now ji Hugh
huzzah treachery a desire now ji Hugh drew his bow with full strength and shot
drew his bow with full strength and shot
drew his bow with full strength and shot G Holum between his arms the arrow came
G Holum between his arms the arrow came
G Holum between his arms the arrow came out at his hunt and his sank down in his
out at his hunt and his sank down in his
out at his hunt and his sank down in his chair then jishu said to bitkha his
chair then jishu said to bitkha his
chair then jishu said to bitkha his captain pick him up and throw him into
captain pick him up and throw him into
captain pick him up and throw him into the tract of the field of neighbours the
the tract of the field of neighbours the
the tract of the field of neighbours the jezreelite for remember when you and I
jezreelite for remember when you and I
jezreelite for remember when you and I were riding together behind a half his
were riding together behind a half his
were riding together behind a half his father that the Lord laid this burden
father that the Lord laid this burden
father that the Lord laid this burden upon him surely I saw yesterday the
upon him surely I saw yesterday the
upon him surely I saw yesterday the blood of namath and the blood of his
blood of namath and the blood of his
blood of namath and the blood of his sons says the Lord and I will repay you
sons says the Lord and I will repay you
sons says the Lord and I will repay you in this plot says the Lord
in this plot says the Lord
in this plot says the Lord now therefore take and throw him on the
now therefore take and throw him on the
now therefore take and throw him on the plot of ground according to the word of
plot of ground according to the word of
plot of ground according to the word of the Lord
the Lord
the Lord but when a huzzah king of Judah saw this
but when a huzzah king of Judah saw this
but when a huzzah king of Judah saw this he fled by the road to Beth Hagin so she
he fled by the road to Beth Hagin so she
he fled by the road to Beth Hagin so she who pursued him shoot him also in the
who pursued him shoot him also in the
who pursued him shoot him also in the chariot and they shot at the ascent of
chariot and they shot at the ascent of
chariot and they shot at the ascent of God which is by idiot then he fled to
God which is by idiot then he fled to
God which is by idiot then he fled to Megiddo and died there and his servants
Megiddo and died there and his servants
Megiddo and died there and his servants carried him in the chariot to Jerusalem
carried him in the chariot to Jerusalem
carried him in the chariot to Jerusalem and buried him in his tomb with his
and buried him in his tomb with his
and buried him in his tomb with his father's in the City of David in the
father's in the City of David in the
father's in the City of David in the 11th year of joram the son of Ahab a
11th year of joram the son of Ahab a
11th year of joram the son of Ahab a huzzah had become king of the Judah
huzzah had become king of the Judah
huzzah had become king of the Judah now when G Hugh had come to Jezreel
now when G Hugh had come to Jezreel
now when G Hugh had come to Jezreel Jezebel heard of it and she put paint on
Jezebel heard of it and she put paint on
Jezebel heard of it and she put paint on her eyes and adorned her head and looked
her eyes and adorned her head and looked
her eyes and adorned her head and looked through a window then as G Hugh entered
through a window then as G Hugh entered
through a window then as G Hugh entered at the gate she said is it peace is my
at the gate she said is it peace is my
at the gate she said is it peace is my murderer of your master and he looked up
murderer of your master and he looked up
murderer of your master and he looked up at the window who is on my side oh so
at the window who is on my side oh so
at the window who is on my side oh so two or three eunuchs looked out at him
two or three eunuchs looked out at him
two or three eunuchs looked out at him then he said throw her down they threw
then he said throw her down they threw
then he said throw her down they threw her down and some of her blood spattered
her down and some of her blood spattered
her down and some of her blood spattered on the wall and on the horses and he
on the wall and on the horses and he
on the wall and on the horses and he trampled her underfoot
trampled her underfoot
trampled her underfoot when he had gone in he ate and drank
when he had gone in he ate and drank
when he had gone in he ate and drank then he said go now see to this Ackerson
then he said go now see to this Ackerson
then he said go now see to this Ackerson woman and bury her for she was a king's
woman and bury her for she was a king's
woman and bury her for she was a king's daughter so they went to bury her but
daughter so they went to bury her but
daughter so they went to bury her but they found no more of her than the Scout
they found no more of her than the Scout
they found no more of her than the Scout and the feet and the palms of that hands
and the feet and the palms of that hands
and the feet and the palms of that hands therefore they came back and told him
therefore they came back and told him
therefore they came back and told him this is the word of the Lord which he
this is the word of the Lord which he
this is the word of the Lord which he spoke by his servant Elijah the Tishbite
spoke by his servant Elijah the Tishbite
spoke by his servant Elijah the Tishbite saying on the plot of ground at Jezreel
saying on the plot of ground at Jezreel
saying on the plot of ground at Jezreel dogs shall eat the flesh of Jezebel and
dogs shall eat the flesh of Jezebel and
dogs shall eat the flesh of Jezebel and the corpse of Jezebel shall be as refuse
the corpse of Jezebel shall be as refuse
the corpse of Jezebel shall be as refuse on the surface of the field in the plot
on the surface of the field in the plot
on the surface of the field in the plot at Jezreel so that they shall not say
at Jezreel so that they shall not say
at Jezreel so that they shall not say here lies Jezebel
here lies Jezebel
here lies Jezebel [Music]